fix for some 404 links and other issues with the docs (#612)
solo-io/service-mesh-hub: docs/content/setup/_index.md

weight: 30
---

In this guide we will accomplish two tasks:

1. [Install Service Mesh Hub](#install-service-mesh-hub)
2. [Register A Cluster](#register-a-cluster)
 

We use a Kubernetes cluster to host the management plane (Service Mesh Hub) while each service mesh can run on its own independent cluster. If you don't have access to multiple clusters, see the [Getting Started Guide]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/getting_started/" %}}) to get started with Kubernetes in Docker. 

![Service Mesh Hub Architecture]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/img/smh-3clusters.png" %}})

> You can install Service Mesh Hub onto its own cluster and register remote clusters, or you can co-locate Service Mesh Hub onto a cluster with a service mesh. The former (it's own cluster) is a preferred deployment pattern, but for getting started, exploring, or to save resources, you can do the co-located deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Service Mesh Hub onto its own cluster and register remote clusters, or you can co-locate Service Mesh Hub onto a cluster with a service mesh. The former (its own cluster) is the preferred deployment pattern, but for getting started, exploring, or to save resources, you can use the co-located deployment approach.
```
